{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialNarrow;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green95\blue161;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1120\sa200

\f0\fs80 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'93JetBlue (JBLU) Stock Gains in After-Hours Trading on Positive December Traffic 
\f1\fs36 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 NEW YORK (
\f2 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 TheStreet
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ) --\'a0
\f2\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 JetBlue Airways Corp.
\f1\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  (
\f2\b \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 JBLU
\f1\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ) stock is rising 1.03% to $20.19 in after-hours trading on Wednesday after the airline carrier reported an 11.3% year-over-year increase in December traffic. Revenue passenger miles, the industry's traffic measurement, jumped to 3.8 million, while capacity, or available seat miles, was up 9.5% to 4.6 million. 
\f2 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 JetBlue
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  also reported a preliminary 5% decline in passenger revenue per available seat mile for December. The New York-based company's preliminary completion factor was 99.7%, while its on-time performance was 70.1% last month. For the 2015 full year, traffic increased 10.3% to 41.7 million revenue passenger miles. Capacity for the year also rose 9.5% with a total 49.3 million available seat miles. Additionally, JetBlue announced on Tuesday that it will partner with 
\f2\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Avis Budget Group
\f1\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  (CAR), making the company the exclusive car rental partner of the airliner's loyalty rewards program. Recently, TheStreet Ratings objectively rated this stock according to its "risk-adjusted" total return prospect over a 12-month investment horizon. Not based on the news in any given day, the rating may differ from Jim Cramer's view or that of this articles's author. TheStreet Ratings has this to say about the recommendation: We rate JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP as a Buy with a ratings score of A. This is based on the convergence of positive investment measures, which should help this stock outperform the majority of stocks that we rate. The company's strengths can be seen in multiple areas, such as its revenue growth, impressive record of earnings per share growth, compelling growth in net income, expanding profit margins and good cash flow from operations. Although the company may harbor some minor weaknesses, we feel they are unlikely to have a significant impact on results.\'94
\f0\fs80 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}